#summary Development guide line
#labels Featured

= Tools =

We use the follow version control software:
  * GIT
  * GIT-SVN
  * [http://procode.org/stgit/#Download Stacked GIT]. Download the most recent version and read the INSTALL file that cames in the archive.


= Branching =

== Master and Snapshot ==

There are two important branches in the ZKGrails git repository. 

  * The first one is *master*, which is always kept stable.
  * The second one is *snapshot*, which more or less the development branch. Code in this branch can be very unstable.

You will always be working on the *snapshot* branch for fixing bugs and implementing features.

After getting a bug fixed or a feature implemented, please inform the team via the issue tracker. After that, if the issue is verified, its commits will be merged into the *master* branch.

We apply the same convention for stable series. When a new series is decided to have its own branch, we create 2 branches, *master-series*, and *snapshot-series*, for it.
We have *master-0.7.x* as a master branch of the series, say *0.7.x*. To fix bugs or implement new features into the series, please push your codes into *snapshot-0.7.x*. After issues are verified, its commits will be merged into the master branch of that series (in this example *master-0.7.x*).

== Feature branches ==

Feature branches may be created when collaboration is required to implement features. For example, if two committers decide to implement a new feature tracked by issue 100, then a committer may create a new branch, *feat-100*, for it and push this new branch to the repository.

Finally, this feature branch can be deleted from the repository, after committers agree that the implementation for this feature is completed.

Naming convention for this kind branch is *feat-<issue number>*, i.e., *feat-100* is a feature tracked by the issue #100.

= Coding Convention =

Please use:
  * Unix LF for line breaks.
  * Soft tab, 4 spaces.
  * Google Chrome's comment style:
{{{
//
// This is a comment.
//
this.is = code

//
// This is a multiple-line
// comment.
//
this.is = "another line of code"
}}}
  * UTF-8 for source file encoding.