#summary Overview of features provided by zkgrails plugin

=== Simpler way for register events ===
  Provides a more intuitive way to register events to any component with the methods onEventName, addOnEventName and removeOnEventName.

  details here (TBD)

=== Sugar syntax to add components via append method ===
  TBD

=== Sugar syntax to access zk session variables (as done with grails) (since 0.7.7 - Not yet released) ===
  You can now access zk session variables in the same way as in grails session, ie, session.variable. It's a short cut to session.getAttribute(name) and session.setAttribute(name, value)

=== Simpler way the create components via ZkBuilder (since 0.7.0) ===
  TBD
<wiki:comment>
just an overview here, it's best to conver builder in depth on it's own wiki
</wiki:comment>

=== build property available on composer that take advantage of ZkBuilder (since 0.7.6) ===
  You can now use the `build` property, a ZkBuilder of the current ZUL page, inside your GrailsComposer to create ZK user-interface.

=== Embedding zul pages on grails gsp (since 0.7.6) ===
  You can now embed a ZUL page (as fragments) into a GSP using two tags: `<z:head/>` and `<z:body/>`. So you can leverage UrlMapping and also Sitemesh decoration for your ZUL pages. Thanks wehe@gmx.at, for this contribution.

  Both tags accept zul="your zul page" attribute, like: `<z:body zul="/test/index.zul"/>`. And by default, these tags *automatically* detect from which controller or action you're rendering. If you're rendering a page from `TestController.index`, then both tags find the `/test/index.zul` file for you. This is the same convention used by Grails' views.

=== Scaffolding support (since 0.8 - not yet released) ===
  TBD