#summary Release Notes for ZKGrails 1.0-M2

= ZKGrails 1.0-M2 Release Notes =

5 Feb 2010. This version of ZKGrails is a milestone release for the 1.0 series. It supports Grails 1.2 and ZK 5. ZKGrails is now released under LGPL.

== Issues ==
  * issue 78 ZulResponse broken with ZK5
  * issue 67 CreateZulWithFacade is still not complete
  * issue 85 Support Grails tag libs in ZUL
  * issue 92 Write a composer resolver
  * issue 64 Cannot create zul for domain class inside package and cannot create-zul-with-facade.
  * issue 74 Make ZK's session in composers behave like http session in grails composer
  * issue 77 tag lib for i3-label resource from gsp
  * issue 82 NPE when adding a event handler with ZkBuilder
  * issue 86 Upgrade to ZK 5.0 final
  * issue 87 Split ZKGrails into 2 versions, CE and EE
  * issue 89 'resource' Taglib in ZUL renders the plugin path, not the app's path.
  * issue 90 <window apply="${myComposer}"> won't work because GSP looks up and return no results
  * issue 91 Update ZK patches to the zk-delta repository
  * issue 93 Able to turn off tablib support using a configuration

== Enhancements ==

* This is the first version that support ZK 5.
* Now you can use Grails tag libraries to create custom components.
* Note that this version introduces a breaking change on using #{..} instead of ${..} because an ${..} expression is used by the GSP parser.
* If you would like to disable the GSP tag library feature, you can put:
{{{
grails.zk.taglib.disabled = true
}}}
in `grails-app/conf/Config.groovy`.
* the `apply` attribute now looks up Spring Beans automatically without specifying the bean name as an ${..} expression. For example:
{{{
  <window apply="test.indexComposer">
}}}
will be equivalent to 
{{{
  <window apply="${test.indexComposer}">
}}}